Bump actions/dependency-review-action from 4.5.0 to 4.7.2 (#379)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/configure/index.md

- Running the node with the `java` command, add `-Drsk.conf.file=path/to/your/file.conf`
- Compiling the node with IntelliJ, add to VM options: `-Drsk.conf.file=path/to/your/file.conf`

### Troubleshooting

#### UDP port already in use

If you see the following error message,
it means that RSKj is unable to bind to a particular port number,

> as another process has already bound to the same one prior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because prior to this time another process was already bound to the same one.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
because prior to this, another process has already bound to the same port number.
```
